[Release] Beta-4 (#95)
suborbital/atmo: docs/usage/connections.md

In order to build a useful application, Atmo needs to be able to connect to external resources. Currently, Atmo can connect to [NATS](https://nats.io/) and [Redis](https://redis.io/), and upcoming releases will include additional types such as databases and more.

> To create connections, add a `connections` section to your Directive. When Atmo starts up, it will establish the connections you've configured, and make them available to your application in a few different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create connections, add a `connections` section to your Directive. When Atmo starts up, it will establish the connections you've configured, and make them available to your Runnables.
```

Author: It's not just for the Runnables, they can also be used as stream sources for handlers.
